[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How did the Sirius people
increase consciousness
of Earth?
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In this episode,
we will explore why
it was important to keep the
Kundalini flow on the planet.
There have been two races of
Sirians that came to Earth.
Both races were from
the planet Gludok
located near the
star we call Sirius
A. My memories from a life I
lived as a Sirian on Gludok
were in the northern
region of the planet.
We were tall with a large
cone-shaped head and five
fingers.
In the southern
region of Gludok,
there was another race that
was similar to us in the north,
except they were much shorter.
And they only had three fingers,
which were longer than ours.
While living in Gludok, I
don't remember coming to Earth.
But several members
from both species
came to Earth to help raise the
frequency of the planet, which
some members of
the Confederation
referred to as the Blue Pearl.
Long before the civilization
of Atlantis began,
the race from the
south of Gludok
were responsible for working
with the physical location
on Earth.
They would locate powerful
energetical portholes
within the lakes and the
mountains around the planet
and deposit small gold
disks, that we also
called solar disks,
into these locations
to activate the portals so
that energy from the galaxy
could flow more powerfully
into the planet.
Members of my race, the
ones from the north,
came to the earth several
times to teach architecture
and structure design
to early humans
and to help families,
and their architects,
and builders of the growing
Atlantis civilization.
All of us from Gludok had
the same brain structure.
It was one piece of skull and
information within our brain
was connected in three parts.
Two of the parts were used to
relate to the third dimension.
And the other one was
connected to the higher levels
of vibration to remain connected
to the energy, information,
and guidance that was being
sent from the Confederation.
We barely used our
mouths to talk.
So that's why we had
a very tiny mouth.
And we don't even use
much our teeth to eat.
We all had big eyes
with the shape of a seed
and very big pupil because
we had much connection
with the light around us.
So our eyes were able
to see other realities.
That's why we were more
connected to the fourth
and the fifth dimension
than humans here.
My race from the north of Gludok
were more connected to the sun.
We were dealing with higher
energy patterns that were not
in the physical worlds.
The race from the south of
Gludok only three fingers
because they work with the
patterns of the tetrahedron.
Long before
Atlantean times, they
would work with the
early humans on Earth
to teach them how
to handle higher
forms of geometric
energy to connect
with the water and plants.
These southern
Gludokians where mainly
in charge of connecting
the eyes of the planet.
Those eyes are the North
and the South poles.
Together, both of the
species from Gludok
work with the flowing
energy from the poles
to activate a stronger Kundalini
flow through the planet.
The main structure
of our bodies were
to be able to connect with the
magnetical field of the planet
and become ourselves
like this planet.
So we could read the
patterns of vibration.
We could read the patterns
of energy of a planet
and understand how the stones
and how the nature could
have the flow of energy.
So we could understand how
to build, how to create,
which stone to use.
Sirian people came to
this world in spaceships
with the shape of a triangle.
These machines would spin
and create this vacuum
within to create a pattern
between the fourth dimension
to go through every realities.
So what they did to some
of the main priests that
were the architects
of this world
was to put them
inside these machines.
And they would be able to
see the timelines moving
through the space.
So they could see the
different vibrations
and the different movements
of the civilization of Earth,
of realities, so they could
see where were the temples, how
they are going to be built.
And they could see everything,
not only from above
the third dimension,
but also from the
fourth dimension.
That helped them to
recognize and realize
how to build properly and to
see every problem that they
would have after so
they could solve it
before it would happen.
When I was living in Khem,
the colony of Atlantis
12,000 years ago, Khem
was visited by the fathers
of our civilization.
They would come in these
triangles of light.
And they would come
cover with this--
it was like silk
so nobody could see
their own faces, their bodies.
And the sun wouldn't
touch their skins.
And priests and priestesses
would receive them
in front of the Sphinx.
And we would present them
as this is who we are
and this is what we have become.
I was able to leave one
of those meetings, one
of those reunions, when I became
one of the Arsayian/Idilien,
I could receive them.
For us it was like the heavens
getting united with Earth.
And that was a whole
ceremony in which
the gods and the
ancestors from the skies
would come to see us
every 20 or 22 years.
Every planet in
the Confederation,
they have a lot of interest
into bringing their knowledge
to this planet.
And I remember that the
importance was not humans.
The important process of
this project was Earth.
What we needed to
do was to put Earth
in the same level
of consciousness
that our planets were.
So what we had to
do was to prepare
the whole body of the planet.
And to do so, we would
bring that information
from every spot of the planet
towards the consciousness
part of it, which was humanity.
Humans would be the
ones translating
the information, the
energy, the will, the love,
the wisdom of this planet.
So we needed to
prepare the planet
to realize that humans were
now the cells able to transmit
the information
through time and space
and to make this planet
aware of who she was.
In order to do so,
before taking care
of humans, what
other species did was
try to get in touch
with the planet.
First of all, we needed to make
the planet accept other species
from outside in the underground.
The underground is very
important for every species.
Not because it is the place
where every record goes, but it
is because the mineral,
the crystals, that
holds the information,
that holds
the vibration, the information
at the very beginning
of this planet, the seed of
the creation of this world,
they are all there.
So that's why it's
important, first,
to be in touch with all
the diamonds, the gold,
the crystals that are below
Earth so all the information
accept the star's information.
And from there, they
could breathe out
in the surface of the planet
all this knowledge, this wisdom.
That is why the
first settlements
were inside the planet.
And after that, the
other beings from Sirius
came to program the
mathematics and the structure
of construction in this planet.
The first pyramids built,
it was in another level
of consciousness.
And the first pyramid
was not made by stone,
but it was made by energy
surrounding the octahedron
of the whole planet.
Creating this structure
of octahedron around,
they established the self.
So the North Pole
and the South Pole
would be the main structures
in the physical world
to hold the information
through the fourth dimension
in the settlements of
the four pillars of time.
That would make that
one pyramid goes
over the top of the world
and the other one down.
And to move this energy, we
needed the flow of the energy
goes from the top in the
North Pole to the South Pole,
moving in a spiral shape
so all the information
in different
dimensions could flow
in the surface of the planet
and download all the programming
from other constellations.
This first structure would allow
the Kundalini of the planet
be activated.
And then the beam would
spread all the chakras.
So the chakras of the
world would be activated.
And the information would flow
in the surface of this planet.
This structure of the
Kundalini being alive
would be the structure
of the Merkabah.
So two tetrahedrons
within the octahedron,
they would be moving
around the planet
according to the North
and South magnetical pole.
These two main
structures that were
being created in different
levels of consciousness
in the fourth and
the fifth dimension
would allow all the
network of Mannick,
the big spider, the
network, to be downloaded
into the core of the planet.
So what Sirius people did
was to create the main spots
geometrically in every
part of the planet
to allow the Kundalini,
the process of the soul,
to move around the world.
And in order to do
that, they needed
to attach that information
from different levels
into the physical world.
So they had to reach the
connection between the North
Pole and the South Pole
through the magnetical poles
of the planet.
These magnetical poles, it was
connected through the North
Pole to the South
Pole through the lines
that connect all the
mountains of the planet.
This important
connection would go
from the islands of
North Pole in Greenland
going down to the volcanoes
in Iceland, in Iceland
to go to Azores
Islands, and going
through the lines
of Iberia, crossing
the whole Mediterranean Sea,
and entering in Anatolia.
When they enter Anatolia, the
energy of the snake awakes.
And from there, it comes all the
planet, all around the planet,
in what we call the horizontal
pattern of the snake.
The horizontal
pattern of the snake
would help us to reach the
information around the planet
and to move the information
in the surface of the planet
from east to west This would
be from the Atlantean region
of Azores and
Canary Islands going
through northern Africa
and south of Europe
and entering in Anatolia,
crossing the Ararat
Mountain, all the plateau
where Iran arise in the Zagros
Mountains, then from
the Pakistan mountains
going to Mongolia through the
Altai mountains and by Tibet
to Siberia in the
Himalayas, and then
the mountains till Chukotka.
This connection
from east to west
was the one connecting the
information of the snake that
allows us to contact
the information
of the ancient snake of
the planets, the Soffhir.
All this process would
allow the information
of the planet to be arised.
And then the process
from north to south
would be the one to open the
doors in between the pyramids.
While the horizontal
process of the snake
would help humans to
contact the information,
the vertical information
from Alaska to Patagonia
would allow the
planet to contact
the information of
the consciousness
in every dimension.
So connecting the
mountains of Alaska
through the Rocky
Mountains in North America,
the plateau of Central America
through the islands from Cuba
to Venezuela, and from
Mexico to Colombia
creating the connection to
the Andes till Patagonia
in Tierra del Fuego, those
connections of the mountains
would allow the information
from north to south
to connect all the
pattern of wisdom
and keep the information of
other levels of consciousness
aware and physically
connected in this planet.
The ones that came
to do that were
the people from south Gludok.
South Gludok was the southern
region of the planet in Sirius.
They were the workers with
the energy of the planet
and the patterns outside
the planet, which
would be the pyramids that were
built in different dimensions,
like the subtle
consciousness of this planet.
So the main goal of
them was to create
this anchor of the
energy from north
to south as they did in
our planets in Sirius.
These people would be
connected to the idea of how
to balance the purpose between
the North and the South Pole,
because they understood that the
planet was the creation of just
one cell divided into cells
that magnetically connect
the reality.
Every reality is hold by the
positive and the negative.
And in order to
make a cell activate
its own power, the
power of the DNA,
the power of the blood,
the power of the inner self
that this planet,
this cell has, you
need to balance North and
South magnetical poles.
And in order to do
that, what they did
was to bring the minerals
from their planet
and put it in some
lakes and some mountains
along the spinal
cord of the planet.
The spinal cord
from north to south
would be the regions that
keep the chakras working.
The spinning information would
allow the snake, the vibration,
through the plateaus
of the planet
to move forward,
to go through all
the physical part of the planet
activating it like a machine.
It was like creating a big
magnet so the information could
be attached to this planet.
The Sirius people, they
established settlements
along the three Americas.
And what they did was
to put these gold disks
in the lakes and some mountains
to keep this energy rolling.
And the main energies
were attached
to what we call now
the Salt Lake in Utah,
the Nicaragua Lake in
Nicaragua, and the Titicaca
Lake in Peru and Bolivia.
The third one was
the place where
all the information
of love and wisdom
would be attached to the planet,
because in this region meant
the third eye of the planet.
So at the moment, we have
to think in a different way
to re-establish a
new civilization,
the Lake Titicaca
would be the place
where all the information
would be download.
As I remember them, they
first came to Lake Titicaca
because this portal
was the one aligned
with the process of Sirius.
That is why the desert of
Chile, Bolivia, and Peru
were the places where
the Sirian people used
to come to open the portals
to create a new civilization.
They would download
the information there.
And they would share
this information
with the settlements of
humans and Mu people.
And after the Atlantean people
that came to the same region,
because whoever ruled
the Titicaca would
be the civilization
to understand
the purpose of
humanity on Earth.
If we take the main
pyramids of the planet
and the structure of the
biggest portals of the planet,
we would see that in Africa
we have the portal of Orion.
So if you see
Orion in the middle
of the planet in
the core of Africa
with the three pyramids of
Giza, what you will have
is in China, the
pyramids that represent
the portal of Pleiades.
So the spiritual
path of Pleiades
coming through the
Taklamakan and Gobi Desert,
and from that
perspective you would
see that in the other
side, you will find Sirius.
So the star of Sirius is
aligned with Peru and Bolivia
while Orion is in
northern Africa.
And in the core of
Asia, you have Pleiades.
This line of
connection would allow
us to understand that
people from Pleiades
used to use the portal of
Tibet, Taklamakan, and China
to get inside the planet.
The Orion people,
Africa and Middle East.
And the Sirius people would
come through South America
in Lake Titicaca.
This portal would allow them
to come easily to this planet
and to anchor the
information of the Kundalini
so the main structures of
the planet could be built.
Because of all
this connection was
along the spinal cord of
the planet, the second race
of Sirian people, we
came to this planet
to Atlantis to help
them to understand
how to build the same structure
the other ones were building
around the planet, but how
to do it inside the planet
through architecture.
All this process was before
Atlantis was created.
While humans in Atlantean
times were beginning to work,
they were trying to
create this Kundalini path
so all information
of the planet would
flow through the mountains.
And taking benefit of the
natural flow of this energy,
they would create
these centers of energy
along all the Andes
and Rocky Mountains
so they could hold this
information in different levels
of dimension.
That was the moment
when the Sirius
people took the information
of the Mu people
in the Pacific Ocean.
And they brought those
Mu people to take
care of the information of
these centers of energy.
So they divided the
chakras of the planet
along the spine of
the whole America.
And they said America has
three different energy.
And when they would
arise to the world,
that would mean that the new
civilization has to begun.
When this spinal
cord was created,
it was the moment
for Arcturean people
to create the new civilization.
The Confederation
started took the power
over the surface of Earth.
And that was the moment when
the 12 families of Atlantis
were the ones chosen to
bring the consciousness
through the blood and through
the DNA in this planet,
bringing all the information
from other planets
and other dimensions.
So this planet could become
one of the main spots
where the consciousness and
awareness of the whole system
could resonate and open
the portals to the divine
through time and space.
So that's why they took
the Atlantean people that
were created in Middle East
to the center of the Atlantic
North Ocean.
This region there,
the three islands
of Azores, Canary Islands,
and Green Cape, those islands
there were in the middle of all
this first information coming
from the North Pole.
So that is why they settled
the first civilization there
so the first energy coming from
the North Pole would reach them
and they would receive
this information
from the natural
source of energy.
So they would
understand and receive
the codes of this
own planet while they
were creating the pattern
of the conscious network
around the planet.
That is why Evnoh,
the Azores Islands,
and Ekaron, the Canary Islands,
were the first settlements
for Atlantis.
They were at the doors
of this information
before it touched any
other region of the planet.
So that would make
that the planet start
to think like Atlantis people.
When the consciousness of
the planet was downloaded,
the Atlantis
civilization started
to go to all of those portals.
So they were the rulers
of the Kundalini.
So they took the
information of every spot
in every part of the planet.
And when the war
came, when they forgot
that they were cells of
consciousness in this planet
and they just shut
the system off,
and they forgot what they have
to do and start to establish
a civilization based on
power, the whole network
start to collapse itself.
And that shut the portals
down so nobody could get in.
Nobody could get out.
So that made that some of
the beings from other stars
couldn't go back to
their own planets.
And they had to die in
this planet, in this world.
Some of them tried to
reproduce with humans.
And some of them just hide
themselves in the underground.
But what they left
here was the legacy
for humans to keep and
take care of the mountains
and the holy regions and
the holy gold plates that
would allow the energy
flow through consciousness
from north to south.
The path from north
to south was something
that we, in ancient
times, had to keep
moving, because we said, if
this energy doesn't flow,
it's the Kundalini like
stopping in the body.
And that would create so
much energy with our purpose
that everyone would
be mad, crazy.
And that's what really happened.
What we, in ancient
times in Egypt,
call the [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH].
It was the path
from north to south
to keep that energy of the
chakras moving along the planet
as the Sirius people did.
But what happened
with these people
was that they all were lost.
And they lost the
connection with the planet.
So that created different
regions, different countries,
different cultures,
different beliefs
that they start to fight each
other because all the Kundalini
energy is this snake that if
you don't know how to use,
he will kill you.
So that's why from that time
when the system shut down,
the planet started
to live a nightmare,
and what we are
living today which
is like a kind of
planet that is thinking
in a very schizophrenic way in
which nobody thinks the same.
Everyone is fighting
their own demons,
because the flow of energy of
the Kundalini and the planet
is not flowing
properly as it should.
This is why, from the Sirius
part of the Confederation,
one of the main things
that we have to do
is to keep that flow going.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode, we
will dive into my memories
from Khem through the
eyes of Shiw, the woman I
was around 12,000 years ago.
[MUSIC PLAYING]